you
or behind, you know, proper testing, or behind the six-foot distancing, the two-meter distancing, or behind these shots, right?
This technology that had never been used widely.
None of that is over.
And as Sasha Lateefa pointed out this morning, you know, these were military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
It looks like Arthur's first in the chat.
Congratulations, sir.
The check will be in the mail.
I do already have your address.
So congratulations on winning there, Arthur.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important thing.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good morning.
Good afternoon, wherever you are.
Six girl, don't worry.
You're always first in my book.
We're trying to stay focused on the biology, not chase these mystery viruses down, not chase these mysteries down.
These mystery adjuvants, these mystery explanations for mythologies that don't exist.
We got to get off social media, ladies and gentlemen.
We've got to pull our heads out.
More importantly, we've got to pull our kids heads out.
Don't underestimate how important this work is.
Autism spectrum disorder is, in fact, a mythology used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason or an answer.
You can be said the same thing about pandemics and gain of function.
You can say the same thing about a lot of ways that we have been governed.
Essentially, there's a myth, and people argue about that myth, and it protects the truth.
by chasing these ghosts, by using their tests to find their ghosts, et cetera, et cetera.
And now the trick is, is that they are getting us to pass this mythology onto our kids.
Our teachers are doing it.
We're doing it.
The news is doing it.
Social media influencers are doing it.
And if you don't understand that this trap has multiple sides and it doesn't matter which one you're on, if you don't understand why the cheese is free on all social media platforms,
then you're not gonna escape, and neither will your kids.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaOM Biological, the biology that they ignore.
I am very, very, very happy.
that you guys are here.
Oh, that's very sweet.
We used to have them nesting in our backyard, these pileated woodpeckers.
Beautiful monkey sound that they make.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
I want to give a shout out to Houstatonic Live, houstatonicits.com.
That guy is doing some crazy work for a very long time.
has sacrificed an awful lot to put together a website that it seems like nobody can find or use appropriately.
You would have assumed that something like that would have already kicked off a million different investigations and made a few careers already, but it hasn't.
And neither has this Substack.
This Substack, biologyphenomenon.substack.com has not made any headlines.
There's no, you know, this is at least known in Scotland, you would be...
You would be wrong about that.
So anyway, you will know the truth.
The truth will eventually set you free.
That's still true.
It's a question of whether you can find it though It's a question of whether you can find it if you like this giga ohm biological symbol And the idea that biology is the way and you don't mind having my website at the bottom there you like a sticker for a window a for a water bottle Maybe for the back of your laptop or your toolbox or if you want a
A Velcro-backed patch that's not perfectly made, but the G and the ohm is okay.
And you want that for free?
You can just send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Dr. J at P.O.
Box 802 Bethel Park, PA 15102.
And we'll turn that right around right away.
We got a box of them.
that I spend probably more money than I should have because not very many people have bothered to get one.
So let me know.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a message coming out of you out of the United States of America, specifically in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
If you've been here for a while, you might be at the top of the wave.
If not, you might be a skilled TV watcher who needs to learn how to stay focused on the biology, how to not take the bait on social media even when you go there, and to make sure that you're loving your neighbor, who they are, you know, etc.
And so don't get me wrong, I am not so
Enamored with myself that I think I'm as good a teacher as this gentleman is doing here on this artificial wave Instructing this young man how to catch Wow, this is just awesome, isn't it?
But I do think that we need to do this for our kids from a figurative perspective
with regard to their ability to navigate reality, their ability to see reality, and their ability to avoid the pitfalls of social media, which we ourselves are not as vulnerable to as they are because, like it or not, we didn't have this shit when we were young.
And you cannot underestimate how much damage is being done on a daily basis to our children because they're on Snapchat.
You cannot underestimate how much damage is being done because they're on TikTok or these other things.
Even watching YouTube shorts is doing damage that the cartoons on Saturday morning probably didn't do to us.
Even if we ate several bowls of Lucky Charms while we watched those cartoons, it's not the same.
It's not the same.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
Let me switch over here.
Should work like that.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gig Owen, Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
We are trying to stay focused and not take the bait on social media, but it has been difficult because the bait's been there a while.
They've been misleading the young for a while.
The most egregious example of this that has manifested itself in the head of the FDA and the head of CBER is this absolute clown show that started with ZDogg and Vinayak
doing presentations on YouTube and kind of being this duo that occasionally, not that seldomly, had this guy, Marty McCary, on as a guest.
And now they, you know, it seemed like they were promoting his book and stuff like that and just being innocent faculty members or innocent YouTube producers.
But it's not the way it is at all.
These people were put in place and have been auditioning for the last five years for the
for the puppetry that they're doing now, the performance, the role that they are playing now.
That's why you can only go back and see these earlier videos as scripted bullshit, and you have to do this homework.
If you don't go back and try to really absorb how absurd it is that these people were doing what they were doing in 2021, you won't see it.
and it's important to see it because if you were to try to do the same thing with me by this time already you would find me saying that transfection is crazy and why won't anybody say it and these people are lying about a background they're misconstruing a background signal with spread i was already saying that when these guys were performing this act on social media and that's terrifying in my humble opinion it's terrifying because what it what it means
is that we are under attack as a country.
We are essentially under attack by a group of performers which has promoted themselves and auditioned on podcasts and rehearsed their narrative on podcasts, critique each other's performances on podcasts, and collectively have orchestrated this illusion of consensus on social media that many people are captured by, even quite intelligent people, because that's how
Our social brains work.
And it takes special people to be able to see through a group lie.
Really special people.
Usually those special people have been beaten when they are younger.
Maybe they got thrown on the floor a few times by their hair or by their ears.
Those are the kinds of people that grow up knowing that groups of adults will lie.
groups of adults are capable of looking the other way, even when something really egregious is occurring, or seems to be occurring, or is about to occur.
And once
a young person learns that, then they can grow up into an adult that has a really good perspective on what adults are capable of, just for the simple fact that they don't have the courage to always open their mouth.
Because apparently, according to the adult behavior that I've seen throughout my whole life, there are situations where it's just not appropriate to speak up, apparently.
And in the case of children and abused children, maybe even, you know,
in a marriage where one parent or the other parent is especially abusive and then one parent just kind of lets it all happen and goes along with it, this is a situation where you create a person like me, where in the end now, when I see this and when I think about this, it's very easy for me to imagine people that would be willing to go and lie about shit.
It's very, very easy for me to believe that people will lie about shit because I've worked in academic science.
I've seen it.
I know how people think.
I know how easy it is to do it.
I mean, these data sets are based on Excel files sometimes.
So Excel files are very easy to edit.
Sometimes you see people, and I have seen people who use Photoshop on figures to reduce the size of error bars.
I mean, these people are jokes.
So they don't think it's really that bad because they reduce the error bars, but they leave the numbers the same in the caption.
I mean, we are talking about people that will do anything to get ahead because they perceive any advantage as being something that's worth taking.
These are the people who are now these scripted narrative curators, these people that are performing on the internet and taking the script that they're given and reading the promotions that they're given, selling the products that sponsor them.
It's very dire what we have in America right now.
The situation right now is extremely dire.
And the situation is, is that America is captured by people who are doing an elaborate performance.
I mean, we have, there's a whole list of people who just perform on Substack and X for a living.
And you have to come to terms with that.
They're not on Blue Sky.
They're not trying to talk to anyone.
They are making their living by perpetuating narratives specifically on what you might think of as our side of the narrative, the people who were skeptical from the beginning.
And every time we identify ourselves with that team, then we are already shot.
We're not part of that team either.
GigaOM Biological and the Independent Bright Web are part of a separate narrative, a narrative that does not acknowledge that a pandemic occurred in some form or another.
We are the victims of a very elaborate hoax, a long con.
That's the way you need to see it.
It's a long con.
It's very hard to see coordinated actions and plans that extend across decades.
It's hard to see those things.
There's only one meeting a year.
You know, there's only one phone call every couple of years.
There's only one or two emails required to keep a multi-decade plan on course.
As long as everybody knew from the very beginning what that course was.
And one of the things that was on that course was the eventual usurping of, co-opting of, or evolution of the FDA to make room for the idea that we're not just one species with one genotype.
And so that's the reason why all these previous strategies haven't worked so well on everybody.
And so that means that we have to study all the variation that's present in our population in order to get a handle on how real medicine works.
And that's where the idea of personalized medicine comes from.
And these people are all scripted on that already.
And that's why they choose two cancer doctors to be the head of the FDA, so that they have this whole script and vocabulary list of things and improv possibilities that they can go into.
If Vinayak decides to throw out T cell therapy, you know,
Marty can just go bing, bing, bing, bing, bang.
And if he gets something out of that, then yeah, yeah, yeah.
I worked on that too.
And I have this special way of analyzing that data.
And so these guys have been practicing their juggling act for five years on social media with the help of this clown and others.
And there's been a lot of people, there's been a lot of people doing that for more than a decade and a half.
And Mary Holland actually started perfecting the public facing version of her story in 2015 on Democracy Now with these two ladies opposite Paul Offit.
Yes, 10 years ago, Mary Holland was opposite Paul Offit on Democracy Now with these two host ladies and a Jewish lawyer talking about vaccines and the fact that one of the untested components of the MMR vaccine probably gave autism to Mary Holland's son.
And now 10 years later, we're supposed to believe that this is the state of the argument.
Bobby is HHS secretary.
Bobby has fired the ACIP members and replaced them with other people.
And the entire world is about to go through a Vesuvius-like disaster soon because, you know, it's going to be so much, so much infectious disease.
You're not even really going to be able to move around.
You're, you know, they might just drift your door shut like snow.
Mimi Goodman with Nermeen Shaikh.
We turn now to public health and vaccines.
Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has withdrawn a U.S.
pledge to fund the world's preeminent international vaccine organization as the Trump administration takes its campaign against vaccinations led by RFK Jr.
Global.
The organization known as Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, is the world's largest funder of life-saving vaccinations and says it's helped vaccinate more than 1.1 billion children in 78 lower income countries, preventing... Okay, so I'm going to listen to this, don't worry, but I see that my friend in the chat has very few woodpeckers over there.
I want to get another video up for him.
The woodpecker I showed you is a pileated woodpecker and they are like the biggest woodpecker in North America, unless you count like the ivory-billed woodpecker, which I think is supposed to be kind of extinct.
Um, and they are fantastic because they actually, they, they hit the wood a few times with their head and then they, they really just hold their head down and let the muscles of their, their neck, um, kind of resonate.
And, and they're loud.
Like when they're, when they're hunting for a larva, they are loud.
Um, it's sweet.
Listen to this.
hold on one second I'm gonna get it get it up there come on get me the arrow right there it is so check this out see he's listening for the movement of the of the larva in there and then he'll bump it try and make it move
See that last part?
That's him bouncing his head on it.
It's pretty dope.
And it sounds so cool when you hear it live because it's just like this.
It echoes.
They're really a really monster cool bird.
Anyway, back to the show.
nearly 19 million future deaths.
On Wednesday, Kennedy claimed, without any evidence, that Gavi, quote, ignored the science in its global immunization.
I can tell you that I'd rather hear Heather Haines' voice than this voice.
This one is really amazing.
Campaign.
Unfortunately, in its zeal to promote universal vaccination, it has neglected the key issue of vaccine safety.
When the science was inconvenient, Gavi ignored the science.
I call on Gavi today to re-earn the public trust and to justify the $8 billion that America has provided in funding since 2001.
Also Wednesday, scientists at the U.S.
Centers for Disease Control rallied outside the agency's headquarters in Atlanta to protest the Trump administration.
That's the scientist rally.
That's awesome.
This newly reconstituted vaccine advisory panel—it's called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, known as ACIP—RFK Jr.
stacked the committee with new appointees, fired most of the others, many of them holding anti-vaccine views.
He fired all 17 formerly seated members of the panel and replaced them with a— She said that kind of funny.
It sounded like he fired people with anti-vaccine views, which was not, I don't think, what she meant to say.
smaller group of his own.
Wednesday was the first day of the new committee's meeting.
This is former CDC worker Peter Higlowski, who is Bella umbrella here every Tuesday since the maybe since March.
But today is especially important because this is the first meeting of this new and I would say bogus advisory committee for immunization practices.
A.C.I.P.
Kennedy, as most people know, fired the previous members of ACIP.
And the few people that he's put on it are not competent.
For more on these developments, we're joined by Dr. Paul Offit.
He's the director of the Vaccine Education Center, attending Physician Children's Hospital in Philadelphia, also serves as an advisor to the FDA.
Dr. Offit is the co-inventor of the rotavirus vaccine, recommended for universal use in infants by the CDC, author of numerous books, including Autism's False Prophets, Bad Science, Risky Medicine, and The Search for a Cure, as well as the book Deadly Choices, How the Anti-Vaccine Movement Threatens Us All.
Why didn't they list that other one, which is called Vaccines from, from, why, why, what, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why didn't they list this one?
Vaccinated from cowpox to mRNA, the incredible story of vaccines written in 2007.
Why didn't, why didn't they do this one?
Why didn't they do this book?
How come they didn't tell you about this one that he predicted mRNA back in 2007?
It sounds like it was a plan already.
That's so weird.
These guys are so weird.
I don't know why they leave that book out.
That's something so weird.
They're not very good journalists, I don't think.
Dr. Offutt, thanks so much for joining us again.
If you can start off by talking about this two-day meeting.
The first was yesterday.
She's really not that excited about this, but she's been coached to make sure that she gives Paul Offutt a good send-off.
Wow, that was forced.
whole issue that the people on this committee are saying they're just reexamining the whole roster of vaccines.
What does that mean?
How does that affect kids in this country, adults, as well, and people around the world?
Well, so anti-vaccine activists have been shouting from the sidelines for decades.
Now they're making policy.
We have an anti-vaccine activist and science denialist as the Secretary of Health and Human Services who basically fired 17 people who were members of the Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices.
Now, I want you to start doing the mental exercise.
Those of you who are in the chat or are live right now, I want you to do the mental exercise about how he's going to explain
that we got here, that now there is anti-vaccine skepticism in America.
What, what will have pushed this over the edge?
Was it the movie Vaxxed?
Was it the movie Vaxxed 2?
Maybe it was that, that Suzanne Humphreys chick and her, her book that she wrote with that Roman Bozanski guy.
Is that it?
Bozankik.
Is that the reason, what's he gonna blame for the tipping point when, you know, we had everything going well and everybody understood the science and then suddenly this bullshit happened.
Just start doing that mental exercise.
You should already know what he's gonna say.
who went through the proper vetting process, made sure they didn't have conflicts of interest, made sure they had the expertise to give us the advice we needed.
He fired all those people.
Then what he did is he brought in eight people, now one of them backed off, so it's seven people, who would have never passed the confirmation process.
There is no confirmation process.
That's so dumb.
That's the whole point of this, right?
That's what's dumb about it.
Why does he say that?
It almost opens him up for critique from our side, as long as you don't show that to the mainstream people.
You know, Tucker Carlson can laugh like that, or maybe Bret Weinstein will say something like, there's no confirmation for this.
That guy doesn't know what he's talking about.
don't have the expertise we need to get to give good advice and what they're doing is they're just putting forward what is typically anti-vaccine tropes like kids are getting too many vaccines too soon so we need to read so that's a trope that kids are getting too many vaccines too soon that's a trope that would mean that that would be impossible that would mean that there's no there's no
reason to think that there might be a good time and a bad time to get a vaccine.
His argument is, is that in theory, if people weren't so, such pussies, we could give all these vaccines in the first three minutes of their life.
And I don't think we're too far off in terms of the stance that this guy is taking with regard to vaccines.
There's no real danger.
There's no real danger from any of the modern vaccines because we could put tens of thousands of antigens in one injection and it would be okay.
Evaluate that.
Why are we giving a hepatitis B birth dose, et cetera, et cetera.
And so you're now just seeing anti-vaccine activism move into the center of public health.
And Dr. Offit, in fact, the panel chair, Dr. Robert Malone, said he considers the label anti-vaxxer to be high praise.
I mean, you've worked in.
Now, what you have here again, remember, is who are we agreeing to talk about?
Whose names are we saying out loud?
She is reading a script that says Robert Malone's name because Robert Malone is now the chairperson of the ACIP that we're all afraid of now.
And he is the guy who says, I'm proud to be an anti-vaxxer.
Do you see how they trapped us?
This was never going to be any useful resistance.
It was only going to be a way of pivoting to an FDA that was blamed.
to a vaccine schedule that gets updated, maybe they're going to say take out all the adjuvants and then the vaccine won't work anymore.
And so then they'll all just say, well, then we'll replace it all with an mRNA version, or that's an impetus to replace it with all mRNA because we can't just take the adjuvant out of the old stuff or the old stuff won't work.
So if you're gonna make us take the adjuvant out, then well, the only way to do that is to move to mRNA.
That's all coming right now in the script, right now, like I called it in 2021 already.
And I don't wanna be a shit about telling you that I said it.
What I want you to understand is that in 2021, I was explaining to them that this was the trap that we were walking into.
that they could do a bait and switch over years and blame something on rushing and whatever and whatnot, but then also say, you know what?
The old stuff wasn't that good anyway.
And the idea that the same people are gonna be wrestling, it's still Hulk Hogan versus, you see, how can it still be Macho Man and Hulk Hogan up here after this many years?
of vaccine information, the director of the Vaccine Education Center.
What do you think explains this transformation in the perception of the effectiveness of vaccines, and not just the effectiveness, but what they're propagating, which is the danger of vaccines?
Six girl in the chat is tweeting about Christine Stibel Ben.
She's done a lot of work out of Denmark.
I also covered Christine Stibel Ben very early on.
And I I'm surprised that she.
I'm surprised that she isn't.
There's something about her that it's allowed to go on.
I'm not really sure why it is.
I guess it's because she doesn't make the leap, right?
She still can see this imaginary trade-off between, well, the people who are vaccinated don't get the diseases that they were vaccinated against, according to the people studying the vaccines.
but the ones that get those vaccine preventable deaths, quote unquote, vaccine preventable diseases, rather, don't die from them.
So then it's really like, okay, I don't really get it.
And then the argument gets made, well, if you weren't vaccinating these kids, then more of the kids would die or something like that.
It's always falling just short of saying that, you know what, intramuscular injection is just plain dumb.
You know, we have books this big
This big about vaccines written by Plotkin, Orstein, and Paul Offit.
Books this big that's called Vaccines.
We have two volume books this big called Infectious Disease.
These are gray, green books, sorry.
So the green screen loses them.
Fields Virology is on its like seventh edition and it's two giant volumes of virology.
And so for you to even have a discussion with Paul Offit, you need to read like, I don't know, 1200 textbook pages and kind of know it all more or less well enough to argue with him about it.
Otherwise you don't know enough about vaccinology or infectious disease or epidemiology or virology.
Nevermind the prion books you got to read over there.
That's the situation we're in right now.
These people hide behind a mythology that has been perpetuated and complicated by the rampant acceptance of the assumption that evolution because DNA.
And because transfection works, I guess we understand how everything works.
I guess because we can put a sequence here and get a protein there, I guess we know how everything works.
And that's really the illusion.
Because both, you can put sequences in cells and get them to make proteins and still not know jack shit about how the pattern integrity that is your newborn son is going to evolve into the West Point graduate that makes you so proud.
You don't know anything about anything, and all you can hope is to not get in its way.
And the idea that these people are selling us that intramuscular injection is not only a useful way to augment that kid, but it guarantees their success moving forward in the future is not supported by any biological evidence, least of all that of Christine Stibel Ben.
Again, shout out to the chatter there.
I think that we, to some extent, lost the trust of the American public early in the COVID pandemic.
And I think two things happened.
I think in 2020, when we didn't have anything, we didn't have antivirals until October, we didn't have monoclonal antibodies until November, we didn't have vaccines until December, to try and stop the spread of a virus that was spread asymptomatically.
And so what did we do?
We shuttered schools, we closed businesses, we restricted travel.
What part of that narrative would Mary Holland disagree with?
None of that, none of that narrative would Mary Holland disagree with.
What part of that narrative would 2020 Brian Hooker have disagreed with when he was doing the back and forth with Dr. Kendra?
Not one damn thing.
because there's no murder in that story.
Or should I say manslaughter, right?
Because these people don't have like a plan to kill everybody.
So they're not murderers.
They're just guilty of manslaughter.
You know, if you just turn on the oxygen and walk away, it's kind of like negligence or it's something, you know, like it's, it's yucky, but you didn't really murder him.
So maybe I should say manslaughter and lies.
You know, that's all that they're really covering up is manslaughter and lies.
We masked, isolated, quarantined, social distanced, and tested.
And I think there was a percentage of this population that thought that was massive government overreach, especially the shuttering of schools and closing of businesses.
I think the following year when we had a vaccine, which we did by December of 2020, and that was available by January of 2021,
We very quickly vaccinated 70% of this population by July of 2021, but 30% of this population didn't want to be vaccinated.
First of all, people didn't like it that you had to have your vaccine passport, which is to say, unless you were vaccinated.
I mean, how is this for a summary?
Are you not entertained?
This is the exact summary that any one of my family members would be able to regurgitate point for point.
This is the exact summary that Mary Holland would grant would regurgitate point for point that Robert Malone would regurgitate point for point that Robert F. Kennedy would regurgitate point for point.
There's no critique of anything.
They're useful.
It is just the narrative where Rand Paul and Tony Fauci are yelling at each other about a lab leak coverup.
You couldn't go to your favorite bar or restaurant or a place of worship, or you may be fired from your job.
That, too, was, I think, seen as massive government overreach.
And I think we leaned into a libertarian left hook, and I think we're feeling that punch.
So everything sort of fell out.
I mean, people said, well, COVID's not that big of a deal, or, well, the vaccine is really much more dangerous than they're telling you.
They lost the trust in the government, and they were very quick to see conspiracy.
And that's how RFK Jr.
rose into this position.
I mean, what did he say when he fired those 17 people?
He said they were rife with conflicts of interest, which wasn't true.
He couldn't name one person on that committee who had a conflict of interest that in any way affected their vote, not one.
So instead, he just
How is it possible that I worked for the guy in the middle for more than a year, then I worked for his supposedly non-profit or whatever for another almost nine months afterward for Mary Holland and Brian Hooker, and then was fired by them for talking about Robert Malone, the guy who's now on the ACIP, head of that committee.
And how is it that I've been at at least four, three barbecues, I'll say three conservatively because I know for sure it was three, barbecues where I met Jay Bhattacharya in person and could talk to him as long as I wanted.
And you can imagine I wasn't talking about baseball.
I wasn't talking about basketball.
How is it possible that we're here right now, that that guy who has been streaming with super jackass ZDogg and, and the Indian like Doogie Howser, Vinayak Prasad, like how is this possibly real?
That that guy in the middle has been fighting this guy from CHOP for 15 years.
Tell us more, please tell us more that we haven't heard before.
It's had this broad sweeping, you know, they're all in the pocket of industry.
They're all on duly influence and then to extend this to Gavi to the global alliance vaccine initiative.
You couldn't be more short-sighted.
How do people think measles comes into this country periodically and can start outbreaks.
It's coming from often from outside the country because
Every year, there's millions of cases of measles.
There's almost 150,000 deaths from measles in this year.
And the Global Alliance Vaccine Initiative has done a lot of good at sort of stopping the spread of things like measles and German measles, et cetera.
So it's hard to watch all this.
Dr. Afet, I want to ask you to respond to RFK Jr.'
's appointee, the co-chair, Martin Koldorf, who kicked off Wednesday's panel.
He said he's appointing a working group to look at the, quote, cumulative effect of the children's vaccine schedule.
If you have questions or concerns about the safety or efficacy of vaccines, we want to hear them.
That is the scientific method, and it is natural to ask questions.
That is what the CDC said.
Could they have chose a worse person to put at the head or chair of this thing?
Besides Robert Malone, they put a foreign guy with a foreign accent.
And I don't care how long he's been living in America, he's been going back to Sweden enough and speaking Swedish enough that his accent hasn't changed since he got off the plane the first time.
So for me, I know Dutch people who can speak almost in an American accent if they want to.
If he's been teaching at Harvard for that long, he would have gotten a little bit better at speaking English.
And if not, I'm not insulting him.
I'm just saying, if you're choosing somebody to try to help unite the country and try to bring this in a way that people can't easily write off, why in the Sam hell would you choose this guy with this voice, with this, you know, like what's going on?
We're a country of 300 million plus people, you know?
...experts do.
It's what the public does, and it is what we will do.
No questions should be off limits.
Some media outlets have been very harsh on the new members of this committee.
issuing false accusations and making concerted efforts to put scientists in either a pro or anti vaccine box.
Such labels undermine critical scientific inquiry and it further feeds the flames of vaccine hesitancy.
As secretary Kennedy has eloquent, there are flames of vaccine hesitancy, which can be flamed.
Understand that that's a enchantment there.
There are vaccine.
Hesitancy flames that can be, that can be fanned.
Okay.
Opposing mercury in fish does not make you anti fish and opposing mercury in fish does not make you anti fish.
which is something he's been saying since they were gonna green the vaccines of America all those many years ago.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, the hamster wheel turns, but it doesn't go anywhere.
It stays in exactly the same fricking spot.
Posing mercury and vaccines that don't make you anti-vaccine.
In fact, to thoroughly scrutinize and ensure the safety and efficacy of vaccines is a pro-vaccine position.
So, Dr. Offit, Martin Koldorf is just saying we're just looking at all of this.
I believe that Paul Offit is genuinely pissed.
I do.
I believe that genuinely Paul Offit believes everything that he says.
And it's necessary for him to believe everything he says.
But I don't think he's that sophisticated of a biologist.
I don't.
I don't think that he's done any work in his life
that has approached the edge of what we understand, and therefore he's very unaware of the ground on which he stands or doesn't stand.
It's like a guy who thinks he's standing on the most solid mountain in the world overlooking
you know, a peaceful small town in northern Wisconsin, when in reality, you know, he's actually standing on a really shitty board on the edge of a really crappy roof, overlooking the ghetto of somewhere in Rio de Janeiro.
And it's just because he's stayed on that roof his whole life,
and the food's good, that he doesn't realize it.
And as long as he keeps his cool and sticks to the narrative, he's going to be fine.
And with some of these people, I just don't think it's possible for them to see through it.
They're surrounded by other people who also can't see through it.
And so it's not that dissimilar to being in a church.
I'm not saying you need to see through something in a church, but in a church,
You can you understand how there the faith is never questioned there whatever they believe in that church Once you're inside of the church the whole discussion of is it true or not doesn't happen And so where he works and where doctors work and where nurses work you don't even question it, you know, there's no talk of of things being exaggerated or or you know, we exaggerate the effectiveness of these things just so we don't have to have the stupid argument and
Nobody says that because nobody can have that idea inside of a church.
You can't have skepticism.
You think Jesus was really the Son of God?
Do you think He really was?
Really?
Then you can't stop a mass in the middle of the mass and raise your hand and say, yeah, but...
And so the commitment with which Robert Malone and Ratziff-Levy and Martin Kulldorff and Paul Offit, the commitment with which they will argue about these two sides of a debate wherein both sides accept the effectiveness of vaccines, the immense contribution of vaccines to human health,
the advancement that vaccination as a methodology in general is.
And none of them can or will ever question that.
Not even Retsif Levy, the guy with six kids who's, you know, just thinking like a father.
Stop lying.
Comes from the most vaccinated country in the world that whose leader told them that, uh, you know, we want to be Pfizer's vaccine for the laboratory for the world.
And this guy, come on.
Come on.
What is your response?
And talk not only what it means here, again, you are referring to Gavi, what this means globally.
She is hysterical.
Like, what is this going to do to the world?
Why saying evaluation is perfectly innocent and reasonable and scientific?
Well, that's true.
I think evaluation is perfectly reasonable, but you don't necessarily need to evaluate things that are already clear.
So, for example, when he talks about this notion that we're just getting too many vaccines, that we need to look at the entire vaccine schedule, it shows you that he really doesn't understand the immunology of vaccines, which is true of most of the people sitting around that table.
They don't have the expertise in virology or immunology or vaccinology.
So, for example, people say, look, I mean, we're asking so much of parents of this country, and it's true.
It's them to give vaccines that prevent 14 different diseases in the first.
You just don't have You don't have the requisite expertise to question this asshole diseases.
Most people don't see using biological fluids most people don't Understand so there's understandable skepticism and that's fair.
But if you it's not really the number of vaccines that you get that matters It's the number of immunological components in vaccines that matter.
So by immunological component, I mean for example a viral protein
He just said it's what matters is the amount of immunological components in a vaccine and I know exactly where he's gonna go.
You know where he's gonna go?
Well, where do you think he's gonna go that the live attenuated vaccines had so much more shit in them than the recombinant vaccines that really only have one protein or two proteins that we chose because we're smart and then the rest is nothing.
So the old vaccines that we used to give people that were live, you know, like Robert Malone said, the yellow fever was one of those vaccines.
Here it comes.
or bacterial protein that induces an immune response.
That's an immunological component.
If you add up all the immunological components in vaccines today, it adds up to about 170.
That's less than the one vaccine that we got a hundred years ago.
Thank you.
Smallpox vaccine.
I knew it.
Largest of the mammalian viruses, which had about 200 immunological components.
200 give or take immunological components in the smallpox vaccine means that, you know, the shit we're doing to our kids, now we can do it all in one afternoon.
Holy crap.
So we have a lesser challenge to the immune system today in vaccines than we did 100 years ago.
So I don't think he understands any of that.
And I think what he brings these things up is look, we're just asking questions and brings up the mercury issue again.
I mean, I was on the Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices between 1998 and 2003 when this all came up.
And this has been well studied.
We now have looked at children who get these vaccines that contain this mercury, so-called ethyl mercury preservative, compared it to children who got the same vaccines that didn't contain this mercury-containing preservative.
And you know, because we live on this planet, and that mercury is in the Earth's crust, and that we drink methyl mercury every day, and that we all have methyl mercury in our bloodstreams, all of us,
Methylmercury is an infant formula.
It's in breast milk.
It's anything made from water on this planet.
What you learned about so-called thimerosal, this ethylmercury-containing preservative, is that it doesn't in any way contribute to a detectable amount of mercury in your bloodstream.
You knew that.
And then there's now been nine studies showing that if you get these vaccines as compared to vaccines that don't contain this preservative, there's no difference in neurodevelopmental outcome.
So when he says, well, we're just asking questions, we're just looking, we've already looked at this.
What he's saying is he doesn't trust what's happened before him.
And Dr. Offit, the question about the global impacts of this, first, the U.S.
cutting funding to Gavi, the vaccine alliance, and then this coupled with the fact that for multiple reasons, vaccination rates in many parts of the world, including poorer countries, have come down in part because of- I really think that the Muppet Beaker
the assistant to the scientist on the Muppets would be the ideal Muppet to put in front of him, because their mouths are almost identical, although he doesn't make the beep-beep-beep-beep of vaccine misinformation that spread, and the impact on that on possible future deaths.
Certainly.
I mean, we export our fears.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been a big exporter of fears.
I mean, since he's been an anti-vaccine activist for 20 years through his program, Children's Health Defense, he puts out... So it's weird, right?
Because they are happy to tell you Robert Malone's name more than one time.
They are happy to tell you that it's Children's Health Defense.
Let me say it very straight.
Children's Health Defense.
So you can find it on the Internet.
Make sure you can look it up.
a lot of misinformation and disinformation.
And so, for example, Samoa is a perfect example.
There was a tragedy in Samoa where- I can't believe it.
Is there something that happened in Samoa?
It's hard for me to remember.
Does anybody ever talk about it?
I think maybe there was a Rolling Stone article or something.
I don't know.
I heard it once somewhere.
Or maybe I heard it a thousand times from every time that this asshole has ever said anything about RFK since RFK started running for president or got appointed anywhere.
It's what everybody says all the time.
Also, Hotez says it because it's a script.
That's why it happened.
That's why there was a Rolling Stone article.
because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was always going to be put here so that we could always have this argument and it would never be effective.
I need you to see it.
It's a long con.
DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, M.D.:
: The measles, mumps, rubella vaccine is in powdered form there, so you need to dilute it in a or reconstitute it in a diluent.
Two nurses independently made a mistake, where, instead of using just the sort of saltwater diluent that should have been used, they used a muscle relaxant.
They injected independently two
I wonder how dangerous rotavirus is to a successfully breastfeeding mom and her baby, because my guess is it's pretty hard to dehydrate a baby that can drink as much as it wants from mom.
Just following the chat there a little bit.
12-month-old children, both of whom died almost immediately when they stopped breathing.
So what he did immediately through Children's Health Defense, as he said in his website and then elsewhere, a measles vaccine is killing children in Samoa when it wasn't a vaccine at all.
He then went to Samoa.
He met with anti-vaccine activists.
He met with the president.
He tried to, again, influence people.
Measles is killing your children.
Immunization rates dropped from about 75 percent to 30 percent.
And there was a massive measles outbreak in this country of 200,000 people.
Now, it's crazy, right, because
They're both pretty rich professional guys.
They both have a fairly big media presence and they have been saying the same thing for 15 years.
So either it happened like Paul says it happened or it happens like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
said it happens.
But either way, one of them is lying.
If Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is lying, then this guy should be a lot more pissed off that he's at HHS than he is.
is actually telling the truth and they're exaggerating about his role in that outbreak and what he did or said or speculated about and how much reach he had when he said it,
instead amplifying his role in that to make it seem as though he had that much influence all the way back then that he could get in a Rolling Stone article.
You see?
It's got to be an illusion if they keep agreeing to promote the same things about each other and not really go all the way to you're a liar or you're not a liar.
You're a criminal or you're not a criminal.
You can't have it both ways.
You can't be a lawyer and the son of a very rich family and a very successful nonprofit and also have this guy slandering you and not take the opportunity to put him away.
To take millions of dollars away from him for lying about you.
He won't do it.
Why won't he do it?
Because it's the show.
Robert Malone suing people for $25 million because they said that he said mass psychosis something something.
Come on guys, do you believe that?
Or do you see the absurdity both in Robert Malone suing anyone as a horse breeder and emu farmer turned world savior and Vatican advisor?
That's one side of the absurdity.
The other side of the absurdity is a successful lawyer descended from a very royal family in America being slandered for 10 years by a guy who works at CHOP and doing nothing about it.
Even though he's supposed to be saving the kids.
cases of measles, 83 deaths, mostly in children less than four years of age.
He had a lot to do with that.
So that's what misinformation can do, not only in this country, where we're, again, seeing the biggest measles outbreak we've probably seen in 30 years, but in the world.
So, finally, 30 seconds, how are you responding to this two-day meeting and what's going to come out of it?
You're just standing back and watching what is frankly a clown show.
I mean, I think the head of the American Academy of Pediatrics, Susan Kressley, said it best.
We're not going to this meeting anymore.
We're ignoring this meeting.
I think most of the medical and scientific community is just seeing this for what it is, which is just another forum for anti-vaccine activists to talk about their misinformation.
Thanks for watching Democracy Now on YouTube.
Subscribe to the channel and turn on notifications.
Oh, it gets worse, ladies and gentlemen.
It definitely gets worse.
The new members of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices will continue their first week.
So first of all, before you see who are here, who our guest is, I want you to realize that on Brett Weinstein's podcast, him and his illustriously intelligent wife, Heather Haying, were discussing a clip from this video and Heather Haying
didn't know who this guy was, which I think is pretty funny.
I think it shows you exactly who we're dealing with with regard to Brett and Heather Weinstein.
These two are becoming more and more like real frauds every day to me.
Now that they are not being given regular script updates, they are revealing themselves to be real, real like Bush League amateurs.
And they're even having a hard time
pretending to be the biologists that they pretend to be in their very little narrow field of, I don't know, complex systems or some shit like that.
Meeting later today.
The seven newly appointed members of the panel discussed childhood vaccines yesterday.
And joining us now ahead of day two is former FDA commissioner, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, who served in the first Trump administration.
He's a board member with Pfizer and Illumina and a CNBC contributor.
And Dr. Gottlieb, thanks for being here.
Thanks a lot.
So walk us through what this means.
There was a lot of fanfare when Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
fired basically the 17 people.
Every time I see him, I really want to do like a soprano's impression and say something like, how you doing?
I know that that's on that vaccine panel before.
There are seven new members.
What are we in for today?
Well, there was eight, but one dropped out because they didn't want to sell his stock, so he couldn't get through the conflicts check.
Look, these are individuals who've been unabashed about their anti-vaccine views, for the most part, the members who've been appointed.
All of them?
Most of them.
I mean, the ones who aren't
You know, sort of considered anti-vaxxers, I think, have been skeptical, at least of the COVID vaccine.
They deferred a lot of the decisions, the controversial decisions, from day one to day two.
So I think day two is when we're going to see some of those sentiments become manifest.
And the two places they're focusing, I think, today
is on the MMR vaccine, which is the measles, mumps, rubella, and varicella vaccine.
So it's a combined chicken pox MMR vaccine, which has long been a bugaboo of the anti-vax movement because there's a small risk of seizures.
That risk can be fully mitigated if parents check the temperature of children between day 5 and 14 and treat any fever above 100.5.
There's sort of a delayed febrile reaction to that vaccine.
That's a pretty remarkable statement.
So I've heard this one before, but essentially the MMR vaccine is not dangerous.
It's just the dumbass parents after the MMR vaccine aren't really monitoring for fever and they let it go.
And that's why these kids have these problems.
Only about 10% of kids get it.
10% of kids get it?
But anti-vaxxers have wanted to bring this off the market.
The other issue that's going to come up today is thimerosal, which is a preservative that used to be used in vaccines.
It was largely taken out.
I didn't think it was there.
Right.
So this happened when I was at FDA in the early 2000s.
We pulled thimerosal out of the vaccines and moved from multidose vials, where the preservative was, to single dose vials that didn't need a preservative.
largely not because we thought Dimerosol was unsafe, but because there was so much speculation among the anti-vax movement that it was linked to autism, we felt we would never get out from under that cloud, so we reformulated those vaccines.
But it's still in about 4% of vaccines that get delivered.
So let me get this straight.
He's on NBC now, and he was part of the FDA when they did this stuff.
You see how it's just one script.
and you just couldn't see it because your time horizon is so narrow because of our use of social media but if you could see the plan and knew what it was then you would see why all these people just move from one side of the stage to the other and show up again because it's just a human hamster wheel and the rungs of the hamster wheel are made with these jackasses
in flu vaccines, mostly for adults.
Most children do not receive a vaccine from the multidose vial.
But certain clinics still use that multidose vial, about 4% of the administered vaccines.
They want to withdraw that from the market as well.
The other issue that's going to come up, but I think it's been largely deferred to a subsequent meeting, is that there is a movement among
the Secretary, Kennedy, and others in the anti-vax movement to take alum out of vaccines.
So alum is an aluminum salt.
It's used in about seven different pediatric vaccines, including one by Pfizer as an adjuvant.
So it helps stimulate an immune response.
Adjuvant.
I guess that's how you say it when you also eat your Milky Way with a knife and fork.
So they want to force manufacturers, I believe, to reformulate those vaccines.
That would be a major issue, because this is a very safe ingredient.
It's been used for 70 years.
There's really no alternative.
And if they force manufacturers to have to reformulate all those pediatric vaccines, I think you'd see a lot of vaccines potentially come off the market, because there is no good alternative.
meaning that they would no longer be effective.
They wouldn't stimulate the immune system.
There is no good, the other adjuvants that you could potentially use probably aren't as safe.
The other adjuvants are not so safe, you see.
And anyway, the hilarious part for me is, again, what he's leaving open is the possibility of what would the alternative be.
The alternative, of course, would be a personalized mRNA vaccine.
You know, we could try them all.
But if you had to reformulate those vaccines, it would create a real dislocation in the market.
That was supposed to be on the agenda for this meeting.
They took it off.
So I think they've deferred that discussion by and large.
But I would expect it could come up today as well as a prelude to future meetings.
So the MMR and varicella, the idea of treating a fever.
First of all, I'll say I didn't realize that 10% of kids get a seizure reaction or a fever reaction.
No, so 10% of kids get the MMR vaccine.
So most kids who get vaccinated for measles, mumps, and rubella get the MMR vaccine and a separate varicella vaccine, largely because there is a small risk of febrile seizure associated with the combined vaccine.
That risk, again, could
Oh, so the MMRV vaccine has the risk of seizures, I see.
Be fully mitigated.
Most parents wouldn't... But don't forget, 15 years ago, Mary Holland started her career as an anti-vaxxer on Democracy Now!
opposite Paul Offit, saying that one component of, or another, of the untested components in the MMR vaccine, because they're not tested,
is responsible for the autism in her kid and she has saved no one and moved the needle not one inch since because autism spectrum disorder is a mythology.
no to check temperature five or 14 days out.
I was just gonna say, having four kids, I've never heard that.
It's a delayed febrile reaction.
That's why some kids get in trouble, because you get a fever day 10, it doesn't get recognized, doesn't get treated, and then you can get into trouble.
So the people in Kennedy's orbit have wanted to pull this vaccine off the market.
It is on the agenda.
I need somebody to vote in the chat about whether if you could touch his hair, would it be wet or would it be crispy, like, you know, hairspray dries?
Uh, wet or crispy?
That's what I want to see in the chat today.
So I think they're either going to vote.
If they pull it off the market, though, you would still be able to get those two vaccines separately.
Right.
You'd still have the alternative.
MMR and varicella.
Yeah, I think, you know, if you take a step back, look, if they pull the MMR vaccine, it's not going to have a dramatic impact on availability of vaccines.
If they pull the multidose vial of the flu vaccine, like I said, it's only 4% of people who get that.
But I think this is a prelude to them demonstrating their ability to go in with this committee now, make recommendations to pull some of these vaccines and force those decisions.
And if they're able to do that here, it's setting up a decision around alum.
Okay, I would say the ones you told me about today don't concern me as much because you'd be able to- But instead, remember what happened, right?
They're making a big deal about it this morning.
They took all of the thimerosal-containing flu vaccines off of the market.
We're not gonna use any of the thimerosal-containing flu vaccines anymore, and we're all supposed to be super happy about that.
I mean, I guess if you've got a five-year-old and you don't want to give them all the shots that you're supposed to be getting, you'd have to take two for the varicella without.
What... It's the precedent, because it's the idea of ASIP unilaterally acting to do this.
These are typically decisions that would have been left to regulators to determine the safety and effectiveness.
ASIP has... Seriously, the best donuts are actually soft and sweaty on the side but crispy on the top.
I'm not kidding.
is the capacity to make recommendations about who should and shouldn't get these vaccines.
But the fact that they're wading into these issues that have long been considered settled science, particularly thimerosal.
I remember the, back in the early 2000s, the bugaboo was that thimerosal was linked to autism.
We took thimerosal out of the vaccines.
Everything for children.
Now they've moved to alum.
So now the arguments are, well, it must be the aluminum hydroxide.
So they're just going to keep chipping away at what's in the vaccines and say, this is what causes autism.
That's what's been created over the last 10, 15 years, is you just move from one issue to the next.
And look at how convincing his act is.
That from the perspective of someone who assumes what I assumed five years ago, that vaccines are just, they just work.
And that's why they give them at some point.
I mean, I get it.
But I had my kids in Norway, so nobody was stabbing my kids when they were first born.
Nobody was advocating for what they needed in the first months.
They were helping my wife and I learn to breastfeed.
And only in my third child had here in America did I suddenly realize what in the F is going on here.
And if it wasn't for the absolute
How do you say it?
I mean, insistence that my wife breastfeed my daughter as long as my daughter wanted, that I think my daughter is as healthy as she is, despite the shots that we gave her.
And I think there's a lot of biology to back up that possibility that the immuno
protection and damping that you get from breastfeeding can protect a baby from a lot of exposures that would otherwise cause their immune system to go kilter, off kilter.
Excellent, never get in front of this.
I wonder what you think.
I mean, there was a Tyler Winklevoss had a post today on X or maybe last night.
It was it was related to it was related.
How do you follow your Bitcoin?
What's happening in New York City with something about a post on X is not by accident.
These people are scripted, creating the relevance and maintaining and reinforcing the relevance of those platforms because that's where these narratives are controlled and people are compartmentalized into them.
the mayor.
And it's a strange thing for me to see the connection between the two.
But he basically says, look, you have all of these young voters who don't realize what happens.
They don't remember the crime in the cities in the 1980s and the squeegee guys and what happened before.
you had the crackdown on some of these things.
So he thinks it's a bad idea for this mayor to get elected, but he says maybe it's what they need to see, a little bit of socialism to see what the outcome is and what that might mean for safety on the streets.
And I wonder if it's the same story with vaccines.
People forget
Wow, so now she's saying that just like with electing a socialist mayor in New York City might be the lesson these people have to learn, maybe getting rid of some vaccines and having people die from disease again is a lesson that people have to learn.
Holy shit.
If you don't think this is scripted... I'd like to have measles run rampant.
People forget what it was like.
Even chicken pox, which you can survive.
I mean, I had chicken pox as a kid.
It's a bad disease.
You don't want to see
It's not a bad disease.
It's so stupid.
You just gotta not pick the scabs.
Come on, this is so stupid.
All of these childhood diseases that we have forgotten what they do.
Yeah, you certainly don't want to see that happen, that there is a backlash to this anti-vax movement because we've seen the consequences of it because a lot of people are going to be harmed in the process.
But the problem is that the... Okay, now, if you don't believe that this is scripted bullshit, like you don't believe that these guys are scripted bullshit, right?
Let me remind you
First of all, that the CDC, after many, many years of allowing doctors, even encouraging doctors to prescribe opiates in a way that were never prescribed before, because they're commercial opiates, because the commercial grade opiates are not as addictive as their natural counterparts.
that they can be prescribed.
And so in a world where when I grew up, prescribing Valium was something that you almost didn't do on purpose because you didn't want to take any risks with somebody like that.
Now we went through an era where prescription opioids were a way for chronic pain to be solved.
People in motorcycle accidents, back pain, whatever neglect in their adult life could be fixed.
and we let it go wild.
We let at least one company make a lot of money.
And then the CDC decided to change the directive at the same time that they changed the penalties and the methods of watching pharmacies and doctors prescribe and distribute these substances.
And so going from a free-for-all to controlled
with substances as powerful as opioids created a situation among a, let's say, forgotten section of the population, a pitiless section of the population that put them in a crucial situation once that policy change traveled through the system and resulted in them having to find another means of coping with their pain.
And I try to remind you over and over again that at the same time, Donald Trump decided that he was going to crack down and make sure that opioid overdoses would go down, that this was not going to happen anymore.
Because what was happening during that free-for-all was that pills were being given to people in too large of quantities so that they could give them to other people, that they could sell them.
Pharmacists and pharmacies were losing them and selling them because they were there.
And people wanted him.
Now, make no mistake about it.
I'm suggesting that this is a long con, and that means that people needed to be put in place, including people on the internet to put the right memes out there.
And so remember, this guy, this guy who's at the head of the FDA, that guy over there, that child, Vinayak, his head of CBER,
And they were doing podcasts with this asshole.
This asshole.
No appointment, I walk into your clinic Complaining of pain, doctor shopping once again When I found you I thought, oh my god, you really get me And your last name's followed by an MD You're my ticket to ecstasy Uh, I mean pain relief
Stethoscope, coat and tie I can play you like the lottery Tears flow, crocodile As I tell you about my three slipped discs Chronic migraine, RSD, and abdominal pain I define secondary gain Did I mention I have allergies to Toradol and Motrin?
Don't try to give me no NSAIDs
Won't take a seat to mend a fin.
You ain't dealing with a novice, son.
My pain scale starts at 10.
Got a long list of ex-doctors.
They'll tell you I need help.
Just give me my pain meds, baby, or I'll screw you on you.
I was young.
I was reckless.
I took things way too far Never thought I'd get addicted Now I'm higher than a shooting star I've got a long list of ex-doctors They'll tell you I'm insane You've got a blank script, baby And I've got some pain
through my clothes and my brain doesn't want to work it's not running down my nose stomach cramping I got the squirts I puke to my throat's raw this must be what it's like to withdraw wait the worst is yet to come
I don't know how to explain what I see here other than to know that if this is your audition
You are one malevolent asshole.
If this is your audition, you are not a patriotic American.
You are celebrating something that shouldn't be celebrated.
And he's also right on script with the cross-dressing.
You know, why not?
It's 2015.
It's really a sketch right now.
You know, it's really risque or nouveau or whatever.
I don't know what they would call it.
It's scripted bullshit, ladies and gentlemen.
These people have been auditioning for a very, very long time, and they've been put in place because that's how this works.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you guys in a minute.
you
do
Let's see here if I can do something like that.
Welcome to the second half of the show.
This is obviously scripted bullshit here.
We know that already for a while, that Bret Weinstein is nothing but scripted bullshit.
I'm calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
And of course, we know that back in 2022... He actually gave me some insistence, and I think he's right.
Heather already admitted that they were talking to me for quite some time there, already in a signal chat with me for quite some time, where they learned almost everything that you know.
by the end of 2021 and they went on to ignore me for going on five years now.
And really fraudulently representing themselves as people that are somehow making useful progress when in fact They are sticking to the script that Robert Malone has provided them now.
I just want to show you how far this absurd bullshit acting has gone on their new set with the Shit-rolling beetle right in front of them and and it's it's pretty remarkable so let me just switch back down here and
I'll make my head a little smaller and let's be entertained.
Are you kidding me?
Did I really not do that?
Okay, I forgot to move this one up.
Sorry about that.
There we go.
I should start now.
Yeah, so I didn't start it exactly.
It's going to go back a little bit.
So much going on, and frankly, I think there are some interesting connections between topics that do not seem in any way connected.
This is like a day ago, okay?
So this is very recently.
This is state-of-the-art.
understanding of what's happening with the enchantment called the Health Freedom Movement.
Remember that from our perspective the Health Freedom Movement doesn't exist really anywhere except for in the place where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is or where a significant number of these jackasses get together or maybe at best can be described as existing only on social media.
Let us start with the
remarkable facts of Bobby Kennedy's testimony in Congress.
There were a couple of interesting moments.
Let me say there was one extraordinary moment in which he pushes back on a committee member regarding an apparent change of stance that they had since they had last discussed an issue.
Jen, do you want to
show that.
So they do have a producer.
I think Jen also does their outfits and their hair and that's why Brett's hair looks so spectacular.
It's almost like he brings a blow dryer to the gym if he went to the gym.
But the producer is named Jen and Jen doesn't really have much of a script because later on she's not going to know what video he wants.
Video?
And I'll address you, Congressman Pallone.
15 years ago, you and I met.
You were, at that time, a champion for people who had suffered injuries from vaccines.
You were very adamant about it.
You were the leading member of Congress on that issue.
Since then, you've accepted $2 million from pharmaceutical companies in contribution, more than any other member of this committee.
And your enthusiasm for
supporting the old ACIP committee, which was completely rife and pervasive with pharmaceutical conflicts, seems to be an outcome of those contributions.
Mr. Chairman, point of order.
Point of order.
The gentleman is impugning the reputation of a member of Congress.
Stop the clock.
Stop the clock for a second.
Can you state the point of order?
Yeah.
He was impugning Mr. Pallone.
Mr. Chairman, I didn't hear it.
Oh, you weren't paying attention.
That's why.
Well, you know, it's hard to pay attention here when we're not getting any response.
OK.
All right.
Now, I find that utterly extraordinary.
That is not the way committee hearings usually go.
I have not seen the full clip.
Who is he responding?
Who is he addressing?
Is he addressing either of the people who are speaking there?
That I couldn't tell you, but what he's doing... Think about that.
He's representing, he understands what this context is, but he doesn't know who he's arguing with or whether he was arguing with one of the people speaking there.
This is the level of bullshit that these people are portraying as five years of evolution as people on the internet who are trying to save America.
These are scripted bullshitters and of the worst kind because they are traitors.
To many Americans who tried to get out and are still trying to get out, they are traitors.
is he is pointing out the degree of corruption and then the pandemonium that breaks out in the committee that is not sure how to handle this.
I mean, is this Secretary?
Also, most of the data from Christine's to Bell-Benn is actually on the DTP vaccine.
So you are not wrong when you suggest that the MMR could have easily been something they focused on
as a way of focusing on something that worked.
Yes, I'm gonna say it.
Maybe the measles vaccine works or maybe the rubella vaccine works.
I don't know, but just think about that.
And it's not a terrible thought to have because that's how this game is played.
And they run you into that wall as fast as you can go.
Sprint into the wall, into the tunnel.
That's exactly what Polly, Tommy, and Andrew Wakefield, and Brian Hooker, and Mary Holland, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
have caused to happen.
Where all these patriots who thought they were fighting for something ran into the wall.
The Health Freedom Movement.
the secretary of the largest department in the federal government entitled to go after a member of Congress over... Is that true?
What you just said?
Yeah.
Largest department in the federal government?
Larger than defense?
Yes.
Amazingly enough.
HHS is larger than defense?
I know, it's... How in the Sam hell can she not know that?
Her husband has been as far as Romania to try and save humanity from this Goliath.
How can she not know that this highly complicated but not complex system, the biggest functioning part of it is HHS?
How is it possible unless she's a fraud?
Unless they're both scripted frauds and she's even more clueless than this jackass.
incredible, but it is.
So in any case, is he allowed to do this?
Well, on the one hand, you might imagine that it's very impolite and that we don't do impolite things.
And so now they're going to have a 10-minute discussion about how, in fact, it's great.
This is exactly what we wanted.
We got somebody in there calling shit out.
So again, because these people are on script, it's not very surprising that they actually don't realize that this particular little
bait-and-switch on an irreducibly complex genetic background was pulled to be timed extremely well with an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality and then sculpted with manslaughter and lies.
Of course they're not gonna know that because they are scripted fools.
They only know what they're told.
They only know what the script says.
And because the script was given to them by people that they believe have super connections or super powers or are connected to the Venetian elite, then they believe that every time they get a script update, they just better stick to it because so far, every bet has won.
And so these two biological frauds,
these absolute fraud of human beings, some of the shittiest Americans alive right now, are simply unaware that there is population pyramid data, that there was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality coming.
And so not only was it timed with that, but it was timed with that so the minimum amount of murder and lies would be required.
The minimum amount of manslaughter and lies would be required because the dam was already gonna overflow for a few years.
Don't you understand?
And so it didn't take very much more than supplementary oxygen and one bullshit trial like Grace Shara's trial in order to hide it all.
And now we have a template for how to fight this and it's a losing template.
So thanks a lot, Scott and Mr. Mendenhall and Bobby and Cox and all the other failures.
because I guess now we're just gonna get the story out anyway.
What's the story?
The story is manslaughter by oxygen, manslaughter by protocols.
The story is not informed consent.
The story is consent.
And so I'm gonna help Scott out here by saying, Scott, your main message is that once you go into a hospital, you have given consent for them to kill you.
And so don't go into hospitals anymore.
There you go.
Now you don't need to do 4,000 more hours of research.
Now you don't need to start a new crusade or another new nonprofit, Scott.
You can just tell people not to go to hospitals without some arrangement with consent.
Because if you don't have an arrangement with consent, then consent will be implied.
This is consent to do things.
This is not informed consent.
And so I think, Scott, your lawyers have fucked you up in the head about what informed consent is versus what giving consent is.
And informed consent is not something that is in the law.
There's no informed consent about going to the doctor.
The doctor doesn't have to make sure you understand exactly what he's gonna do before he can do it.
You have to give consent.
Informed consent is a principle that any moral and just person would insist on.
But it's not something that's guaranteed in very many laws and certainly not part of HIPAA or something like, this is all part of the fraud.
That's why Grace Shar's case was so promoted by CHD, because it was burnt on purpose.
Anyway, it's okay.
Maybe it's stuff.
It's really a powerful.
Are you making new in favor?
Okay.
That's very nice in favor of making dump that out again.
So absolutely what we voted for.
And you know, just so beautiful.
On the other hand, in the same hearing, we also have this other announcement, which caught the entire medical freedom movement off guard.
Um, so let's, uh, let's play that.
the wearables, yeah.
Secretary Kenney, my first question is that there is a tremendous amount of research that shows that greater engagement with one's health leads to better outcomes.
In recent years, American innovators have created and improved wearable devices so that not only are consumers able to better engage with their health through monitoring data, but they are able to share that data with providers.
I believe American consumers, in line with the 21st Century Cures Act, should be able to access these innovative wellness tools.
Secretary Kennedy, do you agree that consumers should continue to have access to these tools?
Absolutely.
In fact, we're about to launch one of the biggest advertising campaigns in HHS history to encourage Americans to use wearables.
It's a way people can take control of their own health.
I had an Apple Watch while I was doing JC on the Bike and before.
So when I was biking to and from the University of Pittsburgh from Shaler, which was about eight and a half or nine miles through the hills,
on an electric bike that I had to pedal.
I had this, you know, thing for my iWatch and it had two spikes in it every day where I, you know, had this incredible half an hour of cardio.
It was awesome.
And a lot about having that data can be very motivating.
A lot of that, you know, just being able to scroll backward and see a calendar with a bunch of red dots on it is also very motivating.
And so a lot of ways these claims are not wrong.
You know, knowing what your glucose level is, especially if you're a diabetic, is not a bad thing.
It's nice to know that stuff.
It's interesting.
It's whatever, but it's not curing anything.
It's not forwarding anything.
And more importantly, it's creating data.
Now, what you need to understand right now, and I know it's going to be hard, but I think I can make these points over the next year or so and get people to understand it, is that this is iterations.
You got to go on longer time horizons before they can collect the real data that they want.
They need to establish an infrastructure that allows them to collect the data.
They need to, wow, that's incredible, dude.
I don't know what to say.
That's awesome.
Just set it here.
It's fine.
Or on the floor.
The kid makes coffee.
Thank you very much, sir.
It is hard really to imagine that anybody is going to be getting useful data from glucose measurements or from heart rate, but what you're doing is establishing the network of devices
that would be necessary to collect that data.
And you're establishing the network of connectivity, the network of storage, and the potential, you know, what can we process on this device?
What can we process after this device puts the data farther?
All of that stuff has to be tested through many iterations before they're going to be ready for what?
before they're gonna be ready to collect data from something that's implanted.
Before they're gonna be ready to collect data from several things implanted in you, feed that data back to a local computer that would then have the connectivity to feed that data in real time back to the cloud.
And the cloud didn't exist five years ago because they're building it now, not for our videos, not for all the photos on your iPhone.
It is to establish the infrastructure necessary to collect data from caged experimental animals.
The wireless communication necessary, the local processing necessary, the local transmission necessary, and the local low range transmission, right?
Bluetooth isn't about earphones, kids.
Bluetooth earphones are about getting you to accept the low amplitude, low energy signals that Bluetooth is using so that when they're used for all these other things, you won't give a shit.
It's the boiling of the frog here.
And so they're going to get us all excited because KC means and Cali means have conflicts of interest because they have wearables.
And so they're going to benefit a lot from, you know, getting to be like, like, like they're, they're, they're like Surgeon General and stuff.
They can take responsibility.
They can see, as you know, what food is doing to their glucose levels, their heart rates, and a number of other metrics as they eat it.
And they can begin to make good judgments about their diet, about their physical activity, about the way that they live their lives.
We think that wearables are a key to the Maha agenda of making America healthy again.
My vision is that every American is wearing a wearable within four years.
All right, now, I will tell you there was just a wave of shock that ran through the medical freedom movement.
A wave of shock ran through the health freedom movement.
A lot like a wave goes around a stadium in the old days, you know, like in the fans when they do the wave.
It was just like that, except it went through the health freedom movement.
I felt it.
It went right under my chair.
at hearing this announcement about not only a favorable view of wearables, which, you know, reasonable people could disagree about that, but the universality of it, the idea that every American should be wearing one within four years.
Now, I've done a lot of thinking about it since I've seen that, and I must tell you, I have mixed emotions here.
You know, well, here's the thing.
I wasn't brought into the administration.
I totally get that.
You can only have a certain number of skunks at the garden party, and I'm probably better out here, you know.
He's sad that he didn't get invited into the administration.
He should be at HHS.
I'm convinced he should be like assistant to the director of NIH.
But I don't know if Bobby Kennedy realizes this, but I have 50 years experience with advertising.
And I did not get a phone call on their campaign.
And I'm a little hurt, because with 50 years experience in advertising, mostly avoiding advertising, but nonetheless, 50 years of experience with advertising, I think I have some insight into how to sell this wearables campaign.
But my phone is not ringing.
Um, so I want to unveil a kind of a prototype of a campaign.
Uh, so I have a, I've developed a spokesperson, well, spokes creature.
Okay.
This is a Warner's the wearables werewolf.
He didn't check with Heather Warner.
He didn't check with Heather and he, his, uh, she's doesn't find this funny.
It's later than you think.
So I think that that's gonna put a lot of wearables on a lot of people.
You don't.
you don't feel favorable about this idea.
All right.
So I mean, number one, this is the use of AI as art, right?
He can't draw this picture.
He, he, so he, he used AI to do something and then he's making a very, very bad dad joke that he probably didn't even make up himself, but it gets worse.
In any case, I do think that there's room for, you know, uh, honesty in advertising and, uh, a werewolf is the perfect spokesperson for that was hot.
Uh, spokes caned really.
Yeah.
Spokes caned.
Um,
Now, I will say also, wearables, you know, the idea of every single American having a wearable in four years, I think, is preposterous.
It runs counter, I think, to many of the things that Kennedy believes.
There are, of course, cases in which a wearable is a perfectly appropriate tool.
Jen, you want to show the image of the use case that I actually think wearables are perfectly justifiable?
It's a little dark.
He's wearing an ankle monitor.
That's Anthony Fauci.
So another use of A.I.
here to make a picture of Anthony Fauci wearing an ankle monitor again, thinking he's very clever, surprising his wife with his cleverness.
Again, it's very hard to see this as anything other than people who used to be scripted and now aren't.
And that lack of script is really, wow, they are clowns.
He's wearing an ankle.
Oh, this is AI again.
Yeah, this is an image I mocked up to show a use case that I think these things would be valuable in.
But OK, so jokes aside, let's get to the heart of the matter here.
First of all, there is an interesting connection that I think we need to be aware of and trying to understand what Kennedy is up to here.
And I will make an argument for what I suspect is going on a little later on.
But
It is the case.
Let me summarize first by telling you that in the end, he's going to tell you that it's 5D chess and he trusts Kennedy.
Kennedy's giving something to get something with the wearables.
I shit you not.
that the nominee for Surgeon General, Casey Means, is actually the founder or one of the founders of a company in which wearables are a key element.
So she is the founder of a company called Levels.
Can we show the screenshot of this is the tagline at the top of the level?
So now he's promoting their company.
website.
It says, uh become an expert in your own health.
Levels helps you understand your body through comprehensive lab testing, glucose monitoring, and AI powered habit tracking so you can take daily action and improve what matters most.
Now, what I wanna uh and uh here's uh another another one on their website.
It says, uh reach your
Oh yeah, I might've stopped it there, sorry.
So I have one more video to watch of them, but it's not very surprising then that this group of people, this group, this, this husband and wife couple that in 2020, in 2020 was talking about a lab leak.
In 2021 had Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone on his podcast right before they went on Joe Rogan's podcast.
In 2022, already had talked to me for a year.
And so the reason why Brett Weinstein hasn't gotten anywhere is because he's on a script.
He was chosen because his dad was involved at the same table as Bobby Kennedy's dad.
The updating of the FDA with Estes Kefauver's work.
and the thalidomide scandal.
It's all one story.
That's why these bozo biologists are never going to tell you that endemicity is a myth as a process and an endpoint.
They can't even explain that idea to you because it's not in their script at all.
Their script depends on this being both an accepted phenomenon as a process and an endpoint.
That's also why they're never going to tell you that the PCR tests were bullshit because they had no means of differentiating from the rest of the irreducibly complex background of genetic signals that they would have had to differentiate from in order to be a high-fidelity diagnostic.
They still believe that we should use their tests to find their ghosts because their ghosts are real and because they are Ghostbusters.
That's why they talk like this.
things.
One, it's always your best option, but you cannot arbitrarily start it late.
The point is, you may get a tumor because of something you were exposed to, and then, you know, the surgeon may well be your best option, or maybe even the chemo.
But the point is, your best option was to live in such a way that you were exposed to mutagens that were only of the sort that your body is well accustomed to dealing with evolutionarily, not the novel stuff that we're constantly exposing them to.
The other thing, though, is you... I'm trying to remember your formulation.
You said something about you cannot transhuman your way out of this.
Yeah.
I think you're right there.
And the idea is you can't transcend your humanity out of it.
That's right.
So the question is, is it transhuman or are we going to humanize our way out of it?
I mean he really thinks he's like Robert Frost right here you know he's like cracking the puzzle and rearranging these words is the way that he's going to crack the puzzle and he's super proud of himself because he's never said anything freaking profound in his whole life
He's never said anything profound, you know, like opioids can reduce the life expectancy of a country all by themselves.
He's never said anything profound, you know, like RNA can't pandemic, actually.
He's never said anything profound, you know, like endemicity is a myth, both as a process and an endpoint.
He's never said anything profound, like transfection would have always been a crime if you'd have just told me what it was.
They can't say anything profound because they're on a shitty script.
Right?
Going back to an environment in which we are well suited is a reasonable thing and you don't need to understand the details of the complex system to get there.
You need to understand the distortions to the environment and how to mitigate their influence.
and the benefit there is that if you if you can understand the distortions and mitigate their influence as you so understanding the distortion and mitigating their influence let me just help you be catch you up to the bullshit level that they're at here they're trying to explain to you that you're supposed to be a naked hunter-gatherer hanging out with like 30 people wearing skins
and and hunter and gathering thingy and you're not you now live in a world with cars and more people and and zoos and schools and the internet and so you gotta mitigate
the influence of all of these things that aren't supposed to be your environment.
Your environment is supposed to be like some kind of Savannah jungle thing with like other Savannah jungle things.
And you're supposed to be in your bare feet or like, I don't know, with handmade sandals or some shit.
And we're going to try to go back to that, but not really, kind of, sort of.
And so that's really the goal of the Maha movement.
There's a couple different ways to Maha.
But one of the ways to Maha is to do it like that.
The other way is to use wearables and computers and stuff.
And these guys want to go back to the hunter-gatherer thing.
That's what their book is about.
That's how stupid these people are.
say, such that your body is responding to an environment that it has some evolutionary history with.
The benefit is that you get to use your senses and you get to become a sensual being that is actually tasting and feeling and touching and hearing and seeing all of the beauty of the world and responding appropriately to it, as opposed to having all of these screens and artifice between you and the world and being assured that you have to take that pill and then that pill to deal with that and that because you can't possibly know
Well, you can't possibly know in this modern world, most of us can't, because we can't taste anything anymore.
And then of course, the food itself doesn't taste like what it used to.
So if we can, if we can get back to just an environment in which we have some evolutionary history, and then can rely more completely.
So what environment do we have an evolutionary history with?
You see what they're doing here?
It's all about evolution because DNA is real.
Because transfection works, then evolution is real.
And so you have to accept all the premises of evolution.
including that you didn't evolve to be here.
You didn't evolve to be here.
So we gotta change things because it's all about evolution.
And as long as we use the word evolution and hyper-complexity or hyper-novelty, then we can be the experts because we're the experts in hyper-novelty and in complex systems.
Because evolution is a complex system.
completely, but more completely on our senses to perceive the environment and what is in fact good for us.
While recognizing that, our senses will lead us astray in some regards because no person 5,000 years ago had access to endless honey every day.
or maple syrup and didn't have access to, you know, or cane or sugar cane, right?
So, you know, recognizing that there are, you know, still some things that are accessible to modern humans that need to be that you need to recognize as the things that your senses think they want.
But if you
Boy, if you begin to think through your senses to some degree and also keep track of the time scale on which you are receiving pleasure through them, I like... She is going to get so philosophical here right now, she's almost going to float off her chair.
And it is such a joke.
This insight that she's about to expound on is the insight that my son, who's a freshman going in sophomore in high school would have.
Not to insult my son, I'm insulting her as a person who supposedly has 50 years of experience on this planet and has a podcast whose viewers she thinks need this revelation.
Sure.
Ice cream tastes good.
A scoop of ice cream sometimes tastes good and doesn't leave me feeling bad.
If I'm traveling and if I, as I just was, if I'm in Portland and Salt and Straw is there and it's they make great ice cream and I go get ice cream for them three days in a row, I don't feel good.
Yeah, the pleasure of the ice cream I then I then try to think about the fact that the pleasure of the third scoop of ice cream in three days is Making me not feel as good and therefore I should not be taking as much pleasure from the eating of it Wow, so really that's all we have to do see if you just
you know, would take less pressure in what you eat and understand that the pleasure you're taking is very short-lived, most of Americans' problems would be over.
And you can train yourself to actually be more sensorily engaged on a longer time horizon that then allows you to take more pleasure in more things all of the time.
All right.
couple things.
One, I don't even know what she's talking about.
It's so dumb and it's going to get worse.
They are going to repeat the name of salt and straw a few times because I guess they're doing the Joe Rogan kind of promotion.
And you say senses and I agree your senses are
first pass reliably.
I can't even believe that he's able to sustain a marriage with anyone.
In an environment like the one you came from.
But the environment like the one you came from doesn't have salt and straw in the sense that we have it now.
So you have to understand that salt and straw's ability to capture your attention is novel.
It may be one of the things you can't control because our need for markets to solve.
Did she just say something was novel?
Did he say novel?
Because that's coming.
If you want to start the drinking game, now we start the drinking game.
when they use the word novel.
And if they use the word hyper novel, you have to drink like one, two, three.
Here we go.
Problems where we can't centrally plan our way out of stuff, which is to say almost everywhere.
You know, we have to accept salt and straw will be there.
So you have to correct something because you're not in your native environment.
But the
I would say, and this is in our book, too, it's really a question of your senses.
This is my camping flask.
It's empty.
And the thing that I've made this point land with as far as I know, it's not one of the things that people reflect back.
So maybe this time it'll work in the context of this conversation.
when your environment is sufficiently healthy by virtue of two facts.
One, it looks a lot like an ancestral environment in the ways that matter.
And two, it is not different from... Please understand that part of the grift, part of the bullshit that they're doing here is this idea that
The ancestral environment is something that you can take for granted, that they can just define in a few sentences.
They're just assuming.
It's like the ship-in-a-bottle operator that his dipshit brother uses to complete his equation of everything.
It's really, really ridiculous how these people talk and get away with it.
And the only reason why they're able to get away with it is because they're on a stupid podcast, on stupid social media, with nobody watching that actually has the requisite knowledge to check them.
And I, on the other hand, am begging someone, somewhere, the phone is up there.
The phone is up there.
All you gotta do is call it.
It'll ring live.
Nobody ever calls.
Call 412-423-6343 right now and it'll ring live right now on my, it could have rung any time in the last three months.
Nobody's bothered to call.
It's a joke.
Nobody has anything to say.
There are no corrections to be made.
Gigome Biological has basically dismantled this narrative and identified several of the bullshitters responsible for maintaining this script.
And Brett Weinstein is one of these really, really dumb ones.
He'll say anything.
from the one you grew up in.
So you, as an adult, are living in an environment that works because it's like an ancestral environment, and it's not different, so you're native to it.
When that is true, what you really can go on is your intuition.
Not because your intuition comes from some mystical place.
It's just that you will have trained in the very environment, and so you look at something, and it looks appetizing because it's good for you, and it looks unappetizing because it's not.
And that intuition then does exactly what you're suggesting, which is it frees your conscious mind from the...
never ending puzzle of modernity.
How should I feel about that?
The never ending puzzle of modernity is something that your mind is not equipped for, but he's not a neurobiologist.
He's not a psychiatrist or a psychologist.
He is a evolutionary biologist and an expert in complex systems and also has 50 years of advertising experience.
This is one of the biggest traitors to American children on Earth.
only exceeded by people with longer time contributions to this long con like Andrew Wakefield and Mary Holland and Pauly Tommy and Brian Hooker.
Like seriously, this guy is one of the new real all-stars of this shitshow.
This is exactly right.
And you hone your intuition through developmental experiences and through learning in adulthood.
And why is it at this point, and it's going to be a slightly different answer for the two of us, but neither you nor I, when we go past a McDonald's or a Wendy's or an Arby's or anything, it just doesn't render as food for us.
There's nothing there at all.
And there's no interest.
I would be willing to bet dollars to donuts that if they left
civilization and went camping for two weeks and then came back to the trailhead in Lander, Wyoming and the only thing that was available for fast food was Burger King.
These two would eat hamburgers like you were going out of style.
I guarantee it.
And it's just a joke to me that they talk with such arrogance.
Because nobody, I mean nobody, can say that fast food tastes like shit.
If you don't like one, you'll like another.
If you've never tried it, how do you know?
These people, you don't see food there.
That's like saying you don't have to buy the potato chips in the aisle of the chips.
Yeah, that's true, you don't have to buy the potato chips.
But you're not gonna tell me that when you eat a Dorito, you gag.
You're not gonna tell me that sour cream and onion potato chips taste like shit.
And you're never gonna convince me that the curly fries are, you know, it's just something I can't get to go down.
Give me a break.
You eat at salt and straw, but you can't eat fast food.
I seriously want to swear it's so stupid.
no tugging at the edges of consciousness, whereas a gelateria, for me, a good bakery or a good ice cream- A gelateria?
What if they're using the wrong flour?
Then I know a lot of people who could go into a great bakery with lots of shit that looks really good and have diarrhea for days.
It won't be any different than eating the shitty pizza at Domino's.
This is so frickin' disingenuous, it's gross.
Now we're going to be talking about the equity that not everybody has a gelateria in their neighborhood.
Maybe we should work for something.
We should start a nonprofit.
So every neighborhood has a gelateria.
store.
And, you know, frankly, knowing more and more about all the gums and all the all the ingredients makes it easier again, because, you know, my first job, my first retail job was at Baskin Robbins.
I used to eat a lot of Baskin Robbins back when I was also playing a lot of volleyball.
So it didn't have any ill effects on me as far as I could tell.
But now I think it didn't have any ill effects on you because you didn't inject it intramuscularly, you stupid buffoon.
Not because you were doing volleyball, because you were moving.
exercising every day.
The volleyball didn't save you.
It's because you didn't inject it, you dumb ass.
Oh, I don't need to eat that ice cream ever again because it's filled with so much garbage.
Too much xanthan gum.
Too much, yeah, I'm not even all that concerned about the xanthan gum, but yeah, but- A minute ago she was talking about honey.
and cane sugar, and how our ancestors didn't have any of this shit.
Now it's the fricking xanthem gum?
I mean, it's impossible that they can be this stupid, except they are.
They're talking to themselves and they're saying stupid shit back and forth with no script.
So it has to be that they are this stupid.
It can't be something else.
Too many other things that don't belong in good ice cream.
So all that concern about the xanthan gum, but too many other things that don't belong in good ice cream.
So everyone's going to have their particular things that appeal to them.
I don't feel any virtue for not being interested in going to KFC.
I just never did.
And so it doesn't look like food.
And so you don't get points for not doing the things that don't appeal to you for some developmental reason or some wisdom that you've already acquired.
Now the trick is honing your intuition such that, and keeping track of your senses, all of them, including how your gut feels for days afterwards, such that your intuitions are better honed and you don't look at the ice cream store the second day in a row that you passed it when you just got some the day before.
That's not actually going to bring me pleasure, net.
I mean, we're talking with such a specificity that it's stupid.
For example, I assume that when she was playing volleyball and eating Baskin-Robbins all day, it wasn't the only thing she ate.
Whereas when you become an adult and you're not growing anymore and you don't have this ravaging appetite that's also driven by your athletics and your growth and your development,
then you can get away with just eating a few calories a day.
And if those calories are empty calories or come from shitty calories, then they have a different effect than when you're in development and burning energy all the time.
And then in addition to having four square meals a day that included a nice breakfast and a healthy lunch at the diner and also a turkey sandwich at night, then it's stupid to talk about scoops of ice cream.
but an adult that skips breakfast sometimes, doesn't exercise and eats a shitty lunch at work, coming home and having a not so great dinner and then having ice cream, it's a larger percentage.
You see how sad they are?
How sad they are that they think they're doing something useful for anyone?
And how sad it is that there are Americans and people around the world who think that this is a useful discussion because they were so lost to begin with.
That this is all they can handle.
They're not ready to jump out of the plane yet.
And in fact, that's what these people are supposed to make them feel like they're doing.
It's supposed to feel very brave.
These guys are brave.
They're saying brave things because they're really brave and they're independent and they're not part of the administration so they can be critical.
They're so brave.
They're so scripted and they're so full of shit.
The dividend on having your conscious mind freed from playing over all sorts of modern stuff, especially stuff built to fit in your blind spot.
Yeah.
Right.
So much specificity, it hurts.
We still, we're not even talking about anything yet except for xantham gum.
Like this is some seriously malevolent bullshit.
And they are paid.
They are paid handsomely, so handsomely they were able to move to a better house on an island.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are being usurped by a group of actors on social media that are connected to Steve Bannon and to Tony Lyons and to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and to all these assholes that are part of the health freedom movement that is a joke on our grandkids.
And I've tried to show you in the first part of the program, the rest of the country in the world is laughing.
The rest of the country and the world is laughing while the people in this conservative health freedom movement sit in their own little bubble on social media and don't even know it's happening.
And this is part of the bubble.
This asshole and all these intellectual dark web people are part of that bubble.
If you watch them, it sounds like the word is getting out and it's not.
We are trapped.
that that dividend of having your conscious mind freed to dedicate to other things is uh priceless.
I mean, like, yes, literally, you couldn't put a price on it and we don't live there because you constantly have to look at every single thing and you know, it's gone even from I don't know what to think of that thing that I just saw on my screen to oh, I have no idea if that even happened, right?
Precisely.
Um so, you know, this problem is going to get worse.
The
at probably your best shot is mild agnosticism about every single damn thing.
And that is, you know... And that's exactly what they need.
Complete intellectual chaos.
That is the goal.
Not a rejection of the system, not united non-compliance.
The goal is confusion.
and agnosticism to the existence of anything.
since I can't know, I'm just going to give up.
And giving up means we're going to pass on the giving up to our kids.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
You cannot abdicate your responsibility to know what the fuck is going on.
You need to wake up and you need to get in control of your family.
You need to get in control of your community again,
And you need to make your children realize that you know what's going on.
Not that you're just some adult who's going along to get along.
Not just some adult who doesn't know what's going on.
You are an adult that knows what's going on.
We all need to be adults that knows, who know what's going on.
These are not adults who know what's going on and they are not making adults who know what's going on.
And I want to make adults who know what's going on.
I want adults that understand that there is a fake anti-vax movement in America and who it is and what damage they are doing.
I want them to know about the people in the U.S.
government who do not have just one passport and ask themselves, why in the hell are those people there?
And how did they get there?
And why are all of them in pictures with Jonathan Cooey?
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always a crime and viruses are not pattern integrities.
They are collecting your DNA because they are setting up
the next iteration of this network of processors and of collection devices and transmitters so that eventually this will work.
It's not gonna work now.
It's not the data they need yet, but they've gotta do iterations of it.
So they're doing it right now because the grandkids are the goal.
The grandkids are the target.
You can see this paper and the fact that all these people are on it together is an admission.
It's an admission that they were always put in place.
This picture is an admission that they were always put in place, that these people are actors.
And that is Jason Kristoff.
I couldn't come up with his name.
And so I left it.
And now I know his name.
And so if that's not spelled right, I apologize, but that's his name.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Thank you for being here.
It's Friday.
Thank goodness it's Friday.
I am taking the weekend off.
It is hot.
I have a list of things that I would like to accomplish that my wife is not aware of.
And so if I accomplish any of them, I think actually she'll be really happy.
So hopefully I'll get more than one of them done.
Hopefully the weekend will be somewhat dry.
I hope your weekend is safe and peaceful.
And I will see you again on Monday.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thank you very much for sharing this work.
If you're curious who I am, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage.
You can find the work of my academic career on the National Library of Medicine PubMed under my name, JJ Cooey.
You can also see my work in the Wuhan cover-up book by Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
I used to be a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense and
I used to be a good barbecue buddy of Jay Bhattacharya before he got the NIH.
And yes, I am the man who is stealing Chief Woohoo.
My name is Jonathan Couey.
Thanks very much and I will see you again on Monday.
There's a YouTube channel and you can also share this video on YouTube if that's your preferred platform.
It's not mine.
But it's probably better than Twitch, so that's why I started putting it on JC in the Woods.
It's not easy to find, but it's not impossible.
Thank you very much for being here.
This is how it works, right?
Sharing my work.
If you can share it, it would really be great.
That's the only way this works.
That's the way that people are going to wake up.
So if you haven't sent around the links from stream.gigaohm.bio, please get in the habit of doing that.
You can find all the hits, all the ways to do that at gigaohmbiological.com.
Thanks very much for joining me.
Have a great weekend and see you again soon.